Added the instructions to the pasta recipe (#64)
workshop-material/recipe-book: pasta/student_pasta.md

- onions
- olive oil/sunflower oil

## Instructions

> Dice the onins and roast the on the oil of your choise at 1000 °C.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dice the onions and roast the on the oil of your choise at 1000 °C.
```

When the onions are gold brown add the tomato sauce and some water to the onions. Add black pepper, salt and bay leaves by taste to season the sauce. Let the sauce stew at medium head for 20 minutes. At the end add the canned tuna to the sauce and stir it up. Let the sauce rest for 5 minutes.

> For the pasta fill a pot to the brim with water. Salt the water and boil it. Once the water starts boiling, add the psta to the water (If you are using spagethinni, make sure to NOT break it, otherwise the italians will get mad). Cook the pasta for as long as it is recommended on the pasta packeging. Use a collendar to remove the water from the pot.

Author: ```suggestion
For the pasta fill a pot to the brim with water. Salt the water and boil it. Once the water starts boiling, add the psta to the water (If you are using spagethinni, make sure to NOT break it, otherwise the italians will get mad). Cook the pasta one minute less recommended on the pasta packeging, since it will absorb the moisture of the sauce. Use a collendar to remove the water from the pot.
```

> For the pasta fill a pot to the brim with water. Salt the water and add a few tea spoons of sunflower oil to the water, so the pasta doesn't stick to the pot. Once the water starts boiling, add the psta to the water (If you are using spaethinni, make sure to break it, so you get bite seized pasta). Cook the pasta for as long as it is recommended on the pasta packeging. Use a collendar to remove the water from the pot.

Author: ```suggestion
For the pasta fill a pot to the brim with water. Salt the water and boil it. Once the water starts boiling, add the psta to the water (If you are using spagethinni, make sure to NOT break it, otherwise the italians will get mad). Cook the pasta for as long as it is recommended on the pasta packeging. Use a collendar to remove the water from the pot.
```
